c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe.config
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Form1.resources
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\market.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\WinFormAnimation.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.DASHBOARD.resources
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.exe
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.presentation.resources
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.login.resources
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Sign_in.resources
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\obj\Debug\market.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Mohamed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\market\market\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe.config
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.exe
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.pdb
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\market.pdb
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.dll
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\WinFormAnimation.dll
E:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.xml
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.DASHBOARD.resources
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Form1.resources
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.login.resources
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.presentation.resources
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Sign_in.resources
E:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\c#\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe.config
F:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.exe
F:\c#\market\market\obj\Debug\market.pdb
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe.config
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.exe
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.pdb
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\market.exe
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\market.pdb
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.dll
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\WinFormAnimation.dll
E:\market\market\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.xml
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.DASHBOARD.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Form1.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.login.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.presentation.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Sign_in.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Orders.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.About.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Custemers.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Marketing.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Products.resources
E:\market\market\obj\Debug\market.Settings.resources
C:\Users\dell\Source\Repos\MKMarket\market\bin\Debug\market.exe.config
C:\Users\dell\Source\Repos\MKMarket\market\obj\Debug\market.exe
C:\Users\dell\Source\Repos\MKMarket\market\obj\Debug\market.pdb
